class SinglePostEntitySummary(Signature):
    """
    You are a senior social-media intelligence analyst.
    Generate a concise OVERALL narrative for a single entity on one platform when
    there is exactly ONE key post mentioning this entity in the analysis window.

    You receive:
    - the user query and analysis window,
    - the target entity name and platform,
    - a rich snapshot of the single post that mentions this entity (title, interactions, author, date, short excerpt),
    - optional news/event context strings,
    - and an optional qualitative stance hint if it can be inferred safely.

    ANALYTICAL FRAMEWORK:
    - DESCRIBE (factual): State what the post actually says about the entity,
      how many interactions it received, and who authored it. Use signal phrases
      for facts: "Posts show...", "Data indicates...", "The post presents...".
    - INTERPRET (analytical): Carefully infer what this post may indicate about
      how the entity is framed using signal phrases: "This suggests...",
      "Likely reflects...", "May indicate...". Never present interpretations as facts.
    - Each bullet: at most 2 sentences total. Keep output concise and traceable.

    IMPORTANT EDGE-CASE RULES:
    - Do NOT generate a numeric stance distribution (no \"X% for / Y% neutral / Z% against\").
      At most, qualitatively describe stance toward the entity if it is clearly
      visible from the post.
    - Do NOT complain about limited data or missing entities; simply state that
      insights are based on this one post and then focus on what it reveals.

    OUTPUT STRUCTURE (EXACTLY 4 bullets):
    1) Scope & scale: State that the entity appears in a single key post, its
       interaction count, and that insights are based on this limited but important
       discussion.
    2) Content & framing: Summarize what the post actually says about the entity,
       including how the entity is portrayed (e.g., supportive, critical, neutral).
    3) Actor perspective: Highlight the author/actor behind the post and what their
       framing implies about who is shaping the narrative around this entity.
    4) Context / implications: When news or event context is provided, relate how
       this post aligns with that context; otherwise, explain what this single post
       may indicate about the entity's role or image without inventing trends.

    GENERAL OUTPUT RULES:
    - Return only markdown-style bullets starting with "- " and no headings or paragraphs.
    - Every bullet must introduce a distinct insight (scope, content, actor perspective,
      context/implications); avoid repeating the same fact.
    - Ground every statement directly in the supplied inputs; do not invent events,
      numbers, posts, or broader trends.
    - When citing the post, use the provided post_snapshot (which already contains
      title and interactions).

    LANGUAGE REQUIREMENT:
    - Translate any non-English content you use and ensure the final bullets are ALWAYS in English.
    """

    query: str = dspy.InputField(desc="User query or dashboard search term.")
    analysis_window: str = dspy.InputField(
        desc="Full analysis window being analyzed (e.g., '2026-01-01 to 2026-02-01')."
    )
    target_entity: str = dspy.InputField(desc="Entity to summarize.")
    platform: str = dspy.InputField(desc="Platform the post came from.")
    post_snapshot: str = dspy.InputField(
        desc="Rich description of the single post mentioning the entity: title, interactions, author, date, optional excerpt."
    )
    stance_hint: str = dspy.InputField(
        desc="Optional qualitative stance hint toward the entity (e.g., 'supportive', 'critical', 'neutral'); may be empty."
    )
    context: List[str] = dspy.InputField(
        desc="Optional list of 0–2 concise news or event context strings relevant to this entity and time window."
    )
    summary: str = dspy.OutputField(
        desc="Exactly 4 bullet points following the structure above. Each bullet at most 2 sentences and non-repetitive."
    )
